Docs auth retries (#9183)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/guides/security/auth/extauth/passthrough_auth/grpc/_index.md

The request should now be authorized!

## Configuring retries for unresponsive passthrough services

You can configure the Gloo ExtAuth server to retry the connection to the passthrough service in the case that the passthrough service becomes unavailable. Consider the following two scenarios to learn more about how retries to the passthrough service are executed: 

> * **Passthrough service becomes unavailable after initial connection**: In this scenario, the Gloo ExtAuth server successfully established an initial connection to the passthrough service. However later on, the passthrough service becomes unavailable. You can add a retry policy to your AuthConfig to retry the connection to the passthrough service if the service becomes unavailable. In the following AuthConfig, the Gloo ExtAuth server is configured to retry the connection to the passthrough service 10 times. To not overload the passthrough service, an optional exponential backoff strategy is defined. The backoff strategy configures the ExtAuth server to start retries after 1 second (`baseInterval`). Retries are then executed exponentially, such as after 2 seconds, 4 seconds, 8 seconds, etc. Note that retries are only executed up to the defined `global.extensions.extAuth.requestTimeout` which defaults to 10 seconds. The `maxInterval` configures a maximum delay of 2 seconds between retries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Passthrough service becomes unavailable after initial connection**: In this scenario, the Gloo ExtAuth server successfully established an initial connection to the passthrough service. However later on, the passthrough service becomes unavailable. You can add a retry policy to your AuthConfig to retry the connection to the passthrough service if the service becomes unavailable. In the following AuthConfig, the Gloo ExtAuth server is configured to retry the connection to the passthrough service 10 times. To not overload the passthrough service, an optional exponential backoff strategy is defined. The backoff strategy configures the ExtAuth server to start retries after 1 second (`baseInterval`). Retries are then executed exponentially, such as after 2 seconds, 4 seconds, 8 seconds, etc up to the `maxInterval` that defaults to 10 times the `baseInterval`. In this example, the `maxInterval` configures a maximum delay of 2 seconds between retries. Note that the global settings `global.extensions.extAuth.requestTimeout` must be greater than the `retryPolicy.numRetries` * `retryPolicy.retryBackOff.baseInterval` to ensure that the failed gRPC call has sufficient time to retry.
```

  For more information, see the [API docs]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/enterprise/options/extauth/v1/extauth.proto.sk/#retrypolicy" >}}).

  {{< highlight yaml "hl_lines=13-18" >}}
apiVersion: enterprise.gloo.solo.io/v1
kind: AuthConfig
metadata:
  name: passthrough-auth
  namespace: gloo-system
spec:
  configs:
  - passThroughAuth:
      grpc:
        # Address of the grpc auth server to query
        address: example-grpc-auth-service.default.svc.cluster.local:9001
        # Set a connection timeout to external service, default is 5 seconds
        connectionTimeout: 3s
        retryPolicy: 
          numRetries: 10
          retryBackOff:
            baseInterval: 1s

>             maxInterval: 2ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            maxInterval: 2s
```
